HG Keshavananda Pr
Gita teaches us how to observe the reality.
Krishna says Arjuna, how should fight. Because you have to show this world that how much you love me.
BG is not about establishing mundane religious principles.
We should observe this MW as Krsna observes not as Duryodhana or Arjuna observes. Our observation is wrong His observation is perfect.
Because what we see we think. What we think we feel and what we feel we act. If we observe this world by our own plans, we will end up in suffering.
People say - 'But According to me its like that..' well its a presumption that you are correct. Why do you presume you are correct. Thats the logical fallacy krishna wants us to correct.
Don't advice 4 people : 1. Husband & wife 2. Brahmanas 3. Girlfriend & Boyfriend 4. People who don't need your advice and don't advice a depressed person.
Karma yoga - KC begins by service and not knowledge.Action preceeds knowledge. Action helps to mature knowledge into realization. Without service knowledge is confusion,ignorance,contradiction.
To stablize mind and to purify our heart so that we can understand knowledge, we need karma yoga. Karma yoga helps us to get knowledge. Action for krishna, serving krishna - Karma Yoga.
Mundane people observe this world as a place of enjoyment - everything is for me. Scientists - as a big mystery , painters and artists - as beautiful nature.
How does krishna perceives this MW - He perceives this world as a laboratory. Thats how his devotees perceive. And what do you do in lab? - experiment. You are on an experiment. This is no time to enjoy. While doing experiments we have to be careful. 
This world wants to teach you something. The experiences of the world will teach you something. Fools try to avoid/enjoy experiences but wise people learn from the experiences. When you serve krishna, Krishna gives you the intelligence to learn from everything - good or bad. That is mode of Goodness.
If there was no MW, we would have never known what is suffering. Without darkness we cannot appreciate light. Without MW we cannot appreciate the Spiritual world.So that is why we are sent here on an experiment. But without krishna no one can understand.
When we start acting for krishna, Krishna will give us realizations and knowledge.
Action and knowledge when we combine together, then we start observing this world as Krishna observes.Knowledge without realization is just information.There are many things going on, we can get lost. So be careful and be attentive in KC - by association of devotees.
Your life is worth it if you understand two things - soul and holy name. Just as without sunshine we can't see anything despite of everything working fine, similarly without knowing God we cannot understand the soul.
Krishna says if youunderstand my plans, you will attain me. If you have your own plans, you suffer in the cycle of birth and death. The aim of life is to attain God. He says why are you rotting in this MW? Come to me! We want to attain God because he wants us back not just we want to attain Him.
Gita in one line - Seeing through the eyes of God. We will not be able to see this world as Krishna observes until and unless we have love for Him. Only lovers can understand each other. Philosophers cannot.Only a lover knows what his beloved wants even without him saying anything. That is why aim of life is love. Otherwise it is impossible to understand reality as Krishna observes it.
When you start to love krishna, you want to know him more.
Enjoying is not bad but we want to enjoy w/o Krishna. That is bad.
The most important good quality is sense and mind control.
SP - 1. KC means thinking about Krishna.
     2. Think how Krishna thinks about you.